# Deliverable 3 : Group 2 Analysis

## 1. System Description : 

The problem of planning meals throughout the busy week, especially with all the different dietary restrictions, affects everyone from on the go college students to young families. The impact of which is that they have to either take time away from their busy lives to try and figure this out on their own, or they sacrifice what they eat in order to get everything done. These issues cost people time, physical health, mental health, and performance in other aspects of their lives. For people with busy lives who need help picking and organizing meals effectively, our product Pick-My-Meals allows users to personally curate meals that fulfill their dietary needs while still maintaining other aspects of their lives. Unlike Hello Fresh our product is completely driven by user customization while not locking customers into frustrating subscriptions. Making the planning, buying, and cooking easier to fit around each person's schedule, unique cooking style, and dietary needs. Pick-My-Meals is a free meal planning website that allows those with busy lives and/or dietary needs to personally organize and curate meal plans that fit their lives more efficiently by letting them choose exactly what recipes they want to eat while we take care of calculating a detailed grocery list of what to buy, how much to get, and what it will cost them. Unlike other meal planning apps and websites, Pick-My-Meals doesn’t lock users into subscriptions just to find meals they want to eat, so no need to pay extra for shipping or subscription fees. Pick-My-Meals also stands out for the vast amount of recipes to choose from along with unique filters to allow the user to truly enjoy what they are eating. While other products may ship the groceries to you, the uptick in porch pirates and the worry of food spoiling at your door brings unneeded stress. Pick-My-Meals allows the customer to have peace of mind of where and how they are getting their groceries as well as allowing them to support their local businesses doing so. 

Our product will have a few key requirements in order to make our product user friendly and better than our competitors. Pick My Meals will utilize the **user's** *location*. This will allow our website to ***find*** the closest **stores** to the **user** to ***choose***. This is very helpful for **users** who want to shop local and natural, organically, support local farmers or simply find the most affordable option. Once the **user** ***chooses*** their desired **store**, all the *ingredients* that the **user** does not already have will ***fill*** their **cart**. From there the **user** will specify *pickup* as an in-store pickup, an online delivery via **store** or shop themselves.

**Users** will also have the ability to ***upload*** their own **post** to be shown as a **recipe**. In the **post**, one can add their own tags in the *description* such as “high protein”, “vegetarian”, “quick and easy”, etc. This will allow our website to have thousands of unique **recipes** to ***choose*** from. Our website will also include a **filter** that allows the **user** to easily ***find*** what they are looking for, whether it is a **recipe** with a specific *ingredient*, a holiday themed food, or a quick snack on the go.

These features make our product stand out from our competitors such as Hello Fresh or Blue Apron. Our product will allow for 100x the amount of selectable **recipes**, eliminates the need to pay for shipping and a subscription, eliminates the worry of ingredients being shipped fresh, allows for unlimited meal customization, and gives the customer the choice to ***choose*** where their *ingredients* are coming from. 
